README.md, before:

# 💫 Hi, I'm Jonah!
🔭 I’m currently working on<br>      Fundamentals and polishing existing projects<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on<br>      Beginner–to–intermediate data-driven projects<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with<br>      Working on real-life data and making scalable models<br>🌱 I’m currently learning<br>      Core ML concepts and Data Analysis<br>


## 🌐 Contact me:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/jonahchristopherr) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vjchristof@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with fun fact and contact info
Added a fun fact about transforming unstructured data into actionable insights.

README.md, after:

# 💫 Hi, I'm Jonah!
🔭 I’m currently working on<br>      Fundamentals and polishing existing projects<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on<br>      Beginner–to–intermediate data-driven projects<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with<br>      Working on real-life data and making scalable models<br>🌱 I’m currently learning<br>      Core ML concepts and Data Analysis<br> ✨ Fun Fact<br>      Ever since I was a kid I wanted to transform unstructured data into actionable business insights<br>



## 🌐 Contact me:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/jonahchristopherr) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:vjchristof@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=flat&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=flat&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=flat&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
